h1. Gmail Notifier

h2. Description

p. Gmail Notifier is a notifier for Gnome type desktops on Linux. It displays a tray icon with the number of unread messages and pops up an alert when new mail is received to your Gmail account.

p. The app is using the "Atom Gmail Inbox Feed.":https://developers.google.com/gmail/gmail_inbox_feed 

h2. About this version

p. This version is a fork of the Debianised package "gmail-notify (1.6.1.1-2)":http://packages.debian.org/wheezy/gmail-notify . The original app appears to be un-maintained since 2008.

p. What's new:

* Profiles. Users can now register multiple Gmail accounts. An individual tray icon will appear for each account.
* New layout of the popup box. The new layout allows to preview more information from new emails.
* Durations in the configuration dialog are now in seconds rather than miliseconds.

p. To do:

* Password hiding / obfuscation.
* New message logic based on message Id rather than inbox counter.
* Refactor to separate GUI from logic.
* Installer and packages.

h2. Credits

p. This package was debianized by Joseph Smidt <jsmidt@byu.edu> in 2006. It was downloaded from http://gmail-notify.sourceforge.net/

p. Copyright 2004,2005 John Winter <wintersoft@gmail.com>

p. A big thanks to Juan Grande for his large amount of development work. Thank you also to Richard Viney and Japostoles for their very helpful code contributions and testing.

h2. Dependencies

* Python (python)
* PyGTK	(python-gtk2)
* Egg TrayIcon (python-eggtrayicon)
* GTK

h2. Instructions

p. First, run the app from the console with @notifier.py@ for testing. To set multiple profiles, you can run multiple instances with @notifier.py -p <profile name>@. 

p. If all goes well, add the command line with the full path to the app folder in the Session and Startup preferences of your desktop.


